app.js:4 starting...
app.js:96 device ready
FongPhone.Debugging.dumpAllStateToConsole()
ui.states.js:123 !!! stateKey: test1
ui.states.js:123 !!! stateKey: test2
ui.states.js:123 !!! stateKey: test3
ui.states.js:123 !!! stateKey: test4
ui.states.js:123 !!! stateKey: test123
ui.states.js:123 !!! stateKey: test9
ui.states.js:123 !!! stateKey: giant fong
ui.states.js:123 !!! stateKey: nasty triangle 
ui.states.js:123 !!! stateKey: interesting triangle
ui.states.js:123 !!! stateKey: split triangle
ui.states.js:123 !!! stateKey: triangle note map
ui.states.js:123 !!! stateKey: with loop
ui.states.js:123 !!! stateKey: cool beans 
ui.states.js:123 !!! stateKey: also cool
ui.states.js:123 !!! stateKey: interesting 
ui.states.js:123 !!! stateKey: more good
ui.states.js:123 !!! stateKey: great
ui.states.js:123 !!! stateKey: yeah plus loop
app.js:106 {
    "test1": {
        "soundSettings": {
            "osc1EnvType": "square",
            "osc2EnvType": "square",
            "osc1Type": "sine",
            "osc2Type": "sine",
            "delayFeedbackControl": 8,
            "delayTimeControl": 500,
            "delayVolumeControl": 100,
            "filterPortamento": 0,
            "portamentoControl": 0,
            "env1Control": 10,
            "filterResonance": 5,
            "filterOn": true,
            "filterType": "lowpass",
            "env2Control": 8
        },
        "padSettings": {
            "fongDots": [
                {
                    "x": 94.18500137329102,
                    "y": 167.56600952148438,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "color": "#ded6d6",
                    "fadeOffset": 0,
                    "selectedClassType": true,
                    "selectedState": "sine",
                    "domCtxID": "phongUIGrid",
                    "elementID": "oscTouch1",
                    "fadeElementID": "oscTouch1Fade",
                    "boardInputIndex": 0,
                    "dur": "1682ms",
                    "gradient": "grad1",
                    "loopPositions": [],
                    "states": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "classes": [
                        true,
                        false
                    ],
                    "fongRole": "primary"
                },
                {
                    "x": 170.87100982666016,
                    "y": 273.3370056152344,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "color": "#ded6d6",
                    "fadeOffset": 0,
                    "selectedClassType": true,
                    "selectedState": "sine",
                    "domCtxID": "phongUIGrid",
                    "elementID": "oscTouch2",
                    "fadeElementID": "oscTouch2Fade",
                    "boardInputIndex": 1,
                    "dur": "403ms",
                    "gradient": "grad2",
                    "loopPositions": [],
                    "states": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "classes": [
                        true,
                        false
                    ],
                    "fongRole": "secondary"
                }
            ],
            "soundBoardSettings": {
                "osc1EnvType": "square",
                "osc2EnvType": "square",
                "osc1Type": "sine",
                "osc2Type": "sine",
                "delayFeedbackControl": 8,
                "delayTimeControl": 500,
                "delayVolumeControl": 100,
                "filterPortamento": 0,
                "portamentoControl": 0,
                "env1Control": 10,
                "filterResonance": 5,
                "filterOn": true,
                "filterType": "lowpass",
                "env2Control": 8
            },
            "noteMapSettings": {
                "selectedFongIndex": 0,
                "fongs": [
                    {
                        "NoteMapInfo": {
                            "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                            "baseNote": "a",
                            "octave": 4,
                            "availableNotes": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ],
                            "NoteMapOn": false,
                            "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                            "NoteMap": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ]
                        }
                    },
                    {
                        "NoteMapInfo": {
                            "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                            "baseNote": "a",
                            "octave": 4,
                            "availableNotes": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ],
                            "NoteMapOn": false,
                            "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                            "NoteMap": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ]
                        }
                    }
                ]
            }
        },
        "noteSettings": {
            "selectedFongIndex": 1,
            "fongs": [
                {
                    "x": 94.18500137329102,
                    "y": 167.56600952148438,
                    "NoteMapInfo": {
                        "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                        "baseNote": "a",
                        "octave": 4,
                        "availableNotes": [
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:9"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:10"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:11"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:12"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:13"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:14"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:15"
                            }
                        ],
                        "NoteMapOn": true,
                        "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                        "NoteMap": [
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true
                            }
                        ],
                        "LoopDuration": 15000
                    },
                    "waves": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "waveIntOsc": 0,
                    "oscTouchFadeVal": 0,
                    "oscPulseOn": true,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "oscsCount": 0,
                    "oscsIncrement": 2,
                    "oscFreq": 493.8833012561241,
                    "dur": "1682ms"
                },
                {
                    "x": 170.87100982666016,
                    "y": 273.3370056152344,
                    "NoteMapInfo": {
                        "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                        "baseNote": "a",
                        "octave": 4,
                        "availableNotes": [
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:70"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:71"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:72"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:73"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:74"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:75"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:76"
                            }
                        ],
                        "NoteMapOn": true,
                        "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                        "NoteMap": [
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true
                            }
                        ],
                        "LoopDuration": 15000
                    },
                    "waves": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "waveIntOsc": 0,
                    "oscTouchFadeVal": 0,
                    "oscPulseOn": true,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "oscsCount": 0,
                    "oscsIncrement": 2,
                    "oscFreq": 293.6647679174076,
                    "dur": "403ms"
                }
            ],
            "loopDuration": 15000
        }
    },
    "test2": {
        "soundSettings": {
            "osc1EnvType": "sine",
            "osc2EnvType": "sine",
            "osc1Type": "sine",
            "osc2Type": "sine",
            "delayFeedbackControl": 8,
            "delayTimeControl": 500,
            "delayVolumeControl": 100,
            "filterPortamento": 3510,
            "portamentoControl": 312,
            "env1Control": 15,
            "filterResonance": 5,
            "filterOn": true,
            "filterType": "lowpass",
            "env2Control": 11
        },
        "padSettings": {
            "fongDots": [
                {
                    "x": 239.38600540161133,
                    "y": 311.1330108642578,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "color": "#ded6d6",
                    "fadeOffset": 0,
                    "selectedClassType": true,
                    "selectedState": "sine",
                    "domCtxID": "phongUIGrid",
                    "elementID": "oscTouch1",
                    "fadeElementID": "oscTouch1Fade",
                    "boardInputIndex": 0,
                    "dur": "343ms",
                    "gradient": "grad1",
                    "loopPositions": [],
                    "states": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "classes": [
                        true,
                        false
                    ],
                    "fongRole": "primary"
                },
                {
                    "x": 169.718994140625,
                    "y": 341.9649963378906,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "color": "#ded6d6",
                    "fadeOffset": 0,
                    "selectedClassType": true,
                    "selectedState": "sine",
                    "domCtxID": "phongUIGrid",
                    "elementID": "oscTouch2",
                    "fadeElementID": "oscTouch2Fade",
                    "boardInputIndex": 1,
                    "dur": "60ms",
                    "gradient": "grad2",
                    "loopPositions": [],
                    "states": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "classes": [
                        true,
                        false
                    ],
                    "fongRole": "secondary"
                }
            ],
            "soundBoardSettings": {
                "osc1EnvType": "square",
                "osc2EnvType": "square",
                "osc1Type": "sine",
                "osc2Type": "sine",
                "delayFeedbackControl": 8,
                "delayTimeControl": 500,
                "delayVolumeControl": 100,
                "filterPortamento": 0,
                "portamentoControl": 0,
                "env1Control": 10,
                "filterResonance": 5,
                "filterOn": true,
                "filterType": "lowpass",
                "env2Control": 8
            },
            "noteMapSettings": {
                "selectedFongIndex": 0,
                "fongs": [
                    {
                        "NoteMapInfo": {
                            "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                            "baseNote": "a",
                            "octave": 4,
                            "availableNotes": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ],
                            "NoteMapOn": false,
                            "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                            "NoteMap": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ]
                        }
                    },
                    {
                        "NoteMapInfo": {
                            "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                            "baseNote": "a",
                            "octave": 4,
                            "availableNotes": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ],
                            "NoteMapOn": false,
                            "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                            "NoteMap": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ]
                        }
                    }
                ]
            }
        },
        "noteSettings": {
            "selectedFongIndex": 1,
            "fongs": [
                {
                    "x": 239.38600540161133,
                    "y": 311.1330108642578,
                    "NoteMapInfo": {
                        "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                        "baseNote": "a",
                        "octave": 4,
                        "availableNotes": [
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:9"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:10"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:11"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:12"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:13"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:14"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:15"
                            }
                        ],
                        "NoteMapOn": true,
                        "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                        "NoteMap": [
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true
                            }
                        ],
                        "LoopDuration": 15000
                    },
                    "waves": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "waveIntOsc": 0,
                    "oscTouchFadeVal": 0,
                    "oscPulseOn": true,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "oscsCount": 0,
                    "oscsIncrement": 2,
                    "oscFreq": 293.6647679174076,
                    "dur": "343ms"
                },
                {
                    "x": 169.718994140625,
                    "y": 341.9649963378906,
                    "NoteMapInfo": {
                        "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                        "baseNote": "a",
                        "octave": 4,
                        "availableNotes": [
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:70"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:71"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:72"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:73"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:74"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:75"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:76"
                            }
                        ],
                        "NoteMapOn": true,
                        "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                        "NoteMap": [
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true
                            }
                        ],
                        "LoopDuration": 15000
                    },
                    "waves": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "waveIntOsc": 0,
                    "oscTouchFadeVal": 0,
                    "oscPulseOn": true,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "oscsCount": 0,
                    "oscsIncrement": 2,
                    "oscFreq": 293.6647679174076,
                    "dur": "60ms"
                }
            ],
            "loopDuration": 15000
        }
    },
    "test3": {
        "soundSettings": {
            "osc1EnvType": "sine",
            "osc2EnvType": "sine",
            "osc1Type": "sine",
            "osc2Type": "sine",
            "delayFeedbackControl": 8,
            "delayTimeControl": 500,
            "delayVolumeControl": 100,
            "filterPortamento": 3510,
            "portamentoControl": 312,
            "env1Control": 15,
            "filterResonance": 5,
            "filterOn": true,
            "filterType": "lowpass",
            "env2Control": 11
        },
        "padSettings": {
            "fongDots": [
                {
                    "x": 239.38600540161133,
                    "y": 311.1330108642578,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "color": "#ded6d6",
                    "fadeOffset": 0,
                    "selectedClassType": true,
                    "selectedState": "sine",
                    "domCtxID": "phongUIGrid",
                    "elementID": "oscTouch1",
                    "fadeElementID": "oscTouch1Fade",
                    "boardInputIndex": 0,
                    "dur": "343ms",
                    "gradient": "grad1",
                    "loopPositions": [],
                    "states": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "classes": [
                        true,
                        false
                    ],
                    "fongRole": "primary"
                },
                {
                    "x": 169.718994140625,
                    "y": 341.9649963378906,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "color": "#ded6d6",
                    "fadeOffset": 0,
                    "selectedClassType": true,
                    "selectedState": "sine",
                    "domCtxID": "phongUIGrid",
                    "elementID": "oscTouch2",
                    "fadeElementID": "oscTouch2Fade",
                    "boardInputIndex": 1,
                    "dur": "60ms",
                    "gradient": "grad2",
                    "loopPositions": [],
                    "states": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "classes": [
                        true,
                        false
                    ],
                    "fongRole": "secondary"
                }
            ],
            "soundBoardSettings": {
                "osc1EnvType": "square",
                "osc2EnvType": "square",
                "osc1Type": "sine",
                "osc2Type": "sine",
                "delayFeedbackControl": 8,
                "delayTimeControl": 500,
                "delayVolumeControl": 100,
                "filterPortamento": 0,
                "portamentoControl": 0,
                "env1Control": 10,
                "filterResonance": 5,
                "filterOn": true,
                "filterType": "lowpass",
                "env2Control": 8
            },
            "noteMapSettings": {
                "selectedFongIndex": 0,
                "fongs": [
                    {
                        "NoteMapInfo": {
                            "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                            "baseNote": "a",
                            "octave": 4,
                            "availableNotes": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ],
                            "NoteMapOn": false,
                            "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                            "NoteMap": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ]
                        }
                    },
                    {
                        "NoteMapInfo": {
                            "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                            "baseNote": "a",
                            "octave": 4,
                            "availableNotes": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ],
                            "NoteMapOn": false,
                            "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                            "NoteMap": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ]
                        }
                    }
                ]
            }
        },
        "noteSettings": {
            "selectedFongIndex": 1,
            "fongs": [
                {
                    "x": 239.38600540161133,
                    "y": 311.1330108642578,
                    "NoteMapInfo": {
                        "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                        "baseNote": "a",
                        "octave": 4,
                        "availableNotes": [
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:9"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:10"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:11"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:12"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:13"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:14"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:15"
                            }
                        ],
                        "NoteMapOn": true,
                        "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                        "NoteMap": [
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true
                            }
                        ],
                        "LoopDuration": 15000
                    },
                    "waves": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "waveIntOsc": 0,
                    "oscTouchFadeVal": 0,
                    "oscPulseOn": true,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "oscsCount": 0,
                    "oscsIncrement": 2,
                    "oscFreq": 293.6647679174076,
                    "dur": "343ms"
                },
                {
                    "x": 169.718994140625,
                    "y": 341.9649963378906,
                    "NoteMapInfo": {
                        "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                        "baseNote": "a",
                        "octave": 4,
                        "availableNotes": [
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:70"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:71"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:72"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:73"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:74"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:75"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:76"
                            }
                        ],
                        "NoteMapOn": true,
                        "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                        "NoteMap": [
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true
                            }
                        ],
                        "LoopDuration": 15000
                    },
                    "waves": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "waveIntOsc": 0,
                    "oscTouchFadeVal": 0,
                    "oscPulseOn": true,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "oscsCount": 0,
                    "oscsIncrement": 2,
                    "oscFreq": 293.6647679174076,
                    "dur": "60ms"
                }
            ],
            "loopDuration": 15000
        }
    },
    "test4": {
        "soundSettings": {
            "osc1EnvType": "sine",
            "osc2EnvType": "sine",
            "osc1Type": "sine",
            "osc2Type": "sine",
            "delayFeedbackControl": 8,
            "delayTimeControl": 500,
            "delayVolumeControl": 100,
            "filterPortamento": 3510,
            "portamentoControl": 312,
            "env1Control": 15,
            "filterResonance": 5,
            "filterOn": true,
            "filterType": "lowpass",
            "env2Control": 11
        },
        "padSettings": {
            "fongDots": [
                {
                    "x": 239.38600540161133,
                    "y": 311.1330108642578,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "color": "#ded6d6",
                    "fadeOffset": 0,
                    "selectedClassType": true,
                    "selectedState": "sine",
                    "domCtxID": "phongUIGrid",
                    "elementID": "oscTouch1",
                    "fadeElementID": "oscTouch1Fade",
                    "boardInputIndex": 0,
                    "dur": "343ms",
                    "gradient": "grad1",
                    "loopPositions": [],
                    "states": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "classes": [
                        true,
                        false
                    ],
                    "fongRole": "primary"
                },
                {
                    "x": 169.718994140625,
                    "y": 341.9649963378906,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "color": "#ded6d6",
                    "fadeOffset": 0,
                    "selectedClassType": true,
                    "selectedState": "sine",
                    "domCtxID": "phongUIGrid",
                    "elementID": "oscTouch2",
                    "fadeElementID": "oscTouch2Fade",
                    "boardInputIndex": 1,
                    "dur": "60ms",
                    "gradient": "grad2",
                    "loopPositions": [],
                    "states": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "classes": [
                        true,
                        false
                    ],
                    "fongRole": "secondary"
                }
            ],
            "soundBoardSettings": {
                "osc1EnvType": "square",
                "osc2EnvType": "square",
                "osc1Type": "sine",
                "osc2Type": "sine",
                "delayFeedbackControl": 8,
                "delayTimeControl": 500,
                "delayVolumeControl": 100,
                "filterPortamento": 0,
                "portamentoControl": 0,
                "env1Control": 10,
                "filterResonance": 5,
                "filterOn": true,
                "filterType": "lowpass",
                "env2Control": 8
            },
            "noteMapSettings": {
                "selectedFongIndex": 0,
                "fongs": [
                    {
                        "NoteMapInfo": {
                            "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                            "baseNote": "a",
                            "octave": 4,
                            "availableNotes": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ],
                            "NoteMapOn": false,
                            "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                            "NoteMap": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ]
                        }
                    },
                    {
                        "NoteMapInfo": {
                            "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                            "baseNote": "a",
                            "octave": 4,
                            "availableNotes": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ],
                            "NoteMapOn": false,
                            "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                            "NoteMap": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ]
                        }
                    }
                ]
            }
        },
        "noteSettings": {
            "selectedFongIndex": 1,
            "fongs": [
                {
                    "x": 239.38600540161133,
                    "y": 311.1330108642578,
                    "NoteMapInfo": {
                        "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                        "baseNote": "a",
                        "octave": 4,
                        "availableNotes": [
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:9"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:10"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:11"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:12"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:13"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:14"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:15"
                            }
                        ],
                        "NoteMapOn": true,
                        "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                        "NoteMap": [
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true
                            }
                        ],
                        "LoopDuration": 15000
                    },
                    "waves": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "waveIntOsc": 0,
                    "oscTouchFadeVal": 0,
                    "oscPulseOn": true,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "oscsCount": 0,
                    "oscsIncrement": 2,
                    "oscFreq": 293.6647679174076,
                    "dur": "343ms"
                },
                {
                    "x": 169.718994140625,
                    "y": 341.9649963378906,
                    "NoteMapInfo": {
                        "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                        "baseNote": "a",
                        "octave": 4,
                        "availableNotes": [
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:70"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:71"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:72"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:73"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:74"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:75"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:76"
                            }
                        ],
                        "NoteMapOn": true,
                        "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                        "NoteMap": [
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true
                            }
                        ],
                        "LoopDuration": 15000
                    },
                    "waves": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "waveIntOsc": 0,
                    "oscTouchFadeVal": 0,
                    "oscPulseOn": true,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "oscsCount": 0,
                    "oscsIncrement": 2,
                    "oscFreq": 293.6647679174076,
                    "dur": "60ms"
                }
            ],
            "loopDuration": 15000
        }
    },
    "test123": {
        "soundSettings": {
            "osc1EnvType": "sine",
            "osc2EnvType": "sine",
            "osc1Type": "sine",
            "osc2Type": "sine",
            "delayFeedbackControl": 8,
            "delayTimeControl": 500,
            "delayVolumeControl": 100,
            "filterPortamento": 3510,
            "portamentoControl": 312,
            "env1Control": 15,
            "filterResonance": 5,
            "filterOn": true,
            "filterType": "lowpass",
            "env2Control": 11
        },
        "padSettings": {
            "fongDots": [
                {
                    "x": 239.38600540161133,
                    "y": 311.1330108642578,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "color": "#ded6d6",
                    "fadeOffset": 0,
                    "selectedClassType": true,
                    "selectedState": "sine",
                    "domCtxID": "phongUIGrid",
                    "elementID": "oscTouch1",
                    "fadeElementID": "oscTouch1Fade",
                    "boardInputIndex": 0,
                    "dur": "343ms",
                    "gradient": "grad1",
                    "loopPositions": [],
                    "states": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "classes": [
                        true,
                        false
                    ],
                    "fongRole": "primary"
                },
                {
                    "x": 169.718994140625,
                    "y": 341.9649963378906,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "color": "#ded6d6",
                    "fadeOffset": 0,
                    "selectedClassType": true,
                    "selectedState": "sine",
                    "domCtxID": "phongUIGrid",
                    "elementID": "oscTouch2",
                    "fadeElementID": "oscTouch2Fade",
                    "boardInputIndex": 1,
                    "dur": "60ms",
                    "gradient": "grad2",
                    "loopPositions": [],
                    "states": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "classes": [
                        true,
                        false
                    ],
                    "fongRole": "secondary"
                }
            ],
            "soundBoardSettings": {
                "osc1EnvType": "square",
                "osc2EnvType": "square",
                "osc1Type": "sine",
                "osc2Type": "sine",
                "delayFeedbackControl": 8,
                "delayTimeControl": 500,
                "delayVolumeControl": 100,
                "filterPortamento": 0,
                "portamentoControl": 0,
                "env1Control": 10,
                "filterResonance": 5,
                "filterOn": true,
                "filterType": "lowpass",
                "env2Control": 8
            },
            "noteMapSettings": {
                "selectedFongIndex": 0,
                "fongs": [
                    {
                        "NoteMapInfo": {
                            "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                            "baseNote": "a",
                            "octave": 4,
                            "availableNotes": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ],
                            "NoteMapOn": false,
                            "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                            "NoteMap": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ]
                        }
                    },
                    {
                        "NoteMapInfo": {
                            "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                            "baseNote": "a",
                            "octave": 4,
                            "availableNotes": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ],
                            "NoteMapOn": false,
                            "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                            "NoteMap": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ]
                        }
                    }
                ]
            }
        },
        "noteSettings": {
            "selectedFongIndex": 1,
            "fongs": [
                {
                    "x": 239.38600540161133,
                    "y": 311.1330108642578,
                    "NoteMapInfo": {
                        "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                        "baseNote": "a",
                        "octave": 4,
                        "availableNotes": [
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:9"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:10"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:11"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:12"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:13"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:14"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:15"
                            }
                        ],
                        "NoteMapOn": true,
                        "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                        "NoteMap": [
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true
                            }
                        ],
                        "LoopDuration": 15000
                    },
                    "waves": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "waveIntOsc": 0,
                    "oscTouchFadeVal": 0,
                    "oscPulseOn": true,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "oscsCount": 0,
                    "oscsIncrement": 2,
                    "oscFreq": 293.6647679174076,
                    "dur": "343ms"
                },
                {
                    "x": 169.718994140625,
                    "y": 341.9649963378906,
                    "NoteMapInfo": {
                        "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                        "baseNote": "a",
                        "octave": 4,
                        "availableNotes": [
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:70"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:71"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:72"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:73"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:74"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:75"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:76"
                            }
                        ],
                        "NoteMapOn": true,
                        "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                        "NoteMap": [
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true
                            }
                        ],
                        "LoopDuration": 15000
                    },
                    "waves": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "waveIntOsc": 0,
                    "oscTouchFadeVal": 0,
                    "oscPulseOn": true,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "oscsCount": 0,
                    "oscsIncrement": 2,
                    "oscFreq": 293.6647679174076,
                    "dur": "60ms"
                }
            ],
            "loopDuration": 15000
        }
    },
    "test9": {
        "soundSettings": {
            "osc1EnvType": "sine",
            "osc2EnvType": "sine",
            "osc1Type": "sine",
            "osc2Type": "sine",
            "delayFeedbackControl": 8,
            "delayTimeControl": 500,
            "delayVolumeControl": 100,
            "filterPortamento": 3510,
            "portamentoControl": 312,
            "env1Control": 15,
            "filterResonance": 5,
            "filterOn": true,
            "filterType": "lowpass",
            "env2Control": 11
        },
        "padSettings": {
            "fongDots": [
                {
                    "x": 239.38600540161133,
                    "y": 311.1330108642578,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "color": "#ded6d6",
                    "fadeOffset": 0,
                    "selectedClassType": true,
                    "selectedState": "sine",
                    "domCtxID": "phongUIGrid",
                    "elementID": "oscTouch1",
                    "fadeElementID": "oscTouch1Fade",
                    "boardInputIndex": 0,
                    "dur": "343ms",
                    "gradient": "grad1",
                    "loopPositions": [],
                    "states": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "classes": [
                        true,
                        false
                    ],
                    "fongRole": "primary"
                },
                {
                    "x": 169.718994140625,
                    "y": 341.9649963378906,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "color": "#ded6d6",
                    "fadeOffset": 0,
                    "selectedClassType": true,
                    "selectedState": "sine",
                    "domCtxID": "phongUIGrid",
                    "elementID": "oscTouch2",
                    "fadeElementID": "oscTouch2Fade",
                    "boardInputIndex": 1,
                    "dur": "60ms",
                    "gradient": "grad2",
                    "loopPositions": [],
                    "states": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "classes": [
                        true,
                        false
                    ],
                    "fongRole": "secondary"
                }
            ],
            "soundBoardSettings": {
                "osc1EnvType": "square",
                "osc2EnvType": "square",
                "osc1Type": "sine",
                "osc2Type": "sine",
                "delayFeedbackControl": 8,
                "delayTimeControl": 500,
                "delayVolumeControl": 100,
                "filterPortamento": 0,
                "portamentoControl": 0,
                "env1Control": 10,
                "filterResonance": 5,
                "filterOn": true,
                "filterType": "lowpass",
                "env2Control": 8
            },
            "noteMapSettings": {
                "selectedFongIndex": 0,
                "fongs": [
                    {
                        "NoteMapInfo": {
                            "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                            "baseNote": "a",
                            "octave": 4,
                            "availableNotes": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ],
                            "NoteMapOn": false,
                            "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                            "NoteMap": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ]
                        }
                    },
                    {
                        "NoteMapInfo": {
                            "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                            "baseNote": "a",
                            "octave": 4,
                            "availableNotes": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ],
                            "NoteMapOn": false,
                            "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                            "NoteMap": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ]
                        }
                    }
                ]
            }
        },
        "noteSettings": {
            "selectedFongIndex": 0,
            "fongs": [
                {
                    "x": 239.38600540161133,
                    "y": 311.1330108642578,
                    "NoteMapInfo": {
                        "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                        "baseNote": "a",
                        "octave": 4,
                        "availableNotes": [
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:9"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:10"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:11"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:12"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:13"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:14"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:15"
                            }
                        ],
                        "NoteMapOn": true,
                        "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                        "NoteMap": [
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true
                            }
                        ],
                        "LoopDuration": 15000
                    },
                    "waves": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "waveIntOsc": 0,
                    "oscTouchFadeVal": 0,
                    "oscPulseOn": true,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "oscsCount": 0,
                    "oscsIncrement": 2,
                    "oscFreq": 293.6647679174076,
                    "dur": "343ms"
                },
                {
                    "x": 169.718994140625,
                    "y": 341.9649963378906,
                    "NoteMapInfo": {
                        "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                        "baseNote": "a",
                        "octave": 4,
                        "availableNotes": [
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:70"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:71"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:72"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:73"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:74"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:75"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:76"
                            }
                        ],
                        "NoteMapOn": true,
                        "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                        "NoteMap": [
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true
                            }
                        ],
                        "LoopDuration": 15000
                    },
                    "waves": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "waveIntOsc": 0,
                    "oscTouchFadeVal": 0,
                    "oscPulseOn": true,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "oscsCount": 0,
                    "oscsIncrement": 2,
                    "oscFreq": 293.6647679174076,
                    "dur": "60ms"
                }
            ],
            "loopDuration": 15000
        }
    },
    "giant fong": {
        "soundSettings": {
            "osc1EnvType": "sine",
            "osc2EnvType": "sine",
            "osc1Type": "sine",
            "osc2Type": "square",
            "delayFeedbackControl": 8,
            "delayTimeControl": 500,
            "delayVolumeControl": 100,
            "filterPortamento": 3510,
            "portamentoControl": 312,
            "env1Control": 15,
            "filterResonance": 29,
            "filterOn": true,
            "filterType": "lowpass",
            "env2Control": 11
        },
        "padSettings": {
            "fongDots": [
                {
                    "x": 226.05299758911133,
                    "y": 460.75401306152344,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "color": "#ded6d6",
                    "fadeOffset": 0,
                    "selectedClassType": true,
                    "selectedState": "sine",
                    "domCtxID": "phongUIGrid",
                    "elementID": "oscTouch1",
                    "fadeElementID": "oscTouch1Fade",
                    "boardInputIndex": 0,
                    "dur": "367ms",
                    "gradient": "grad1",
                    "loopPositions": [],
                    "states": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "classes": [
                        true,
                        false
                    ],
                    "fongRole": "primary"
                },
                {
                    "x": 203.92601013183594,
                    "y": 272.06103515625,
                    "radius": 290,
                    "color": "#ded6d6",
                    "fadeOffset": -5.6669921875,
                    "selectedClassType": true,
                    "selectedState": "triangle",
                    "domCtxID": "phongUIGrid",
                    "elementID": "oscTouch2",
                    "fadeElementID": "oscTouch2Fade",
                    "boardInputIndex": 1,
                    "dur": "42ms",
                    "gradient": "grad2",
                    "loopPositions": [],
                    "states": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "classes": [
                        true,
                        false
                    ],
                    "fongRole": "secondary"
                }
            ],
            "soundBoardSettings": {
                "osc1EnvType": "square",
                "osc2EnvType": "square",
                "osc1Type": "sine",
                "osc2Type": "sine",
                "delayFeedbackControl": 8,
                "delayTimeControl": 500,
                "delayVolumeControl": 100,
                "filterPortamento": 0,
                "portamentoControl": 0,
                "env1Control": 10,
                "filterResonance": 5,
                "filterOn": true,
                "filterType": "lowpass",
                "env2Control": 8
            },
            "noteMapSettings": {
                "selectedFongIndex": 0,
                "fongs": [
                    {
                        "NoteMapInfo": {
                            "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                            "baseNote": "a",
                            "octave": 4,
                            "availableNotes": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ],
                            "NoteMapOn": false,
                            "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                            "NoteMap": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ]
                        }
                    },
                    {
                        "NoteMapInfo": {
                            "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                            "baseNote": "a",
                            "octave": 4,
                            "availableNotes": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ],
                            "NoteMapOn": false,
                            "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                            "NoteMap": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ]
                        }
                    }
                ]
            }
        },
        "noteSettings": {
            "selectedFongIndex": 0,
            "fongs": [
                {
                    "x": 226.05299758911133,
                    "y": 460.75401306152344,
                    "NoteMapInfo": {
                        "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                        "baseNote": "a",
                        "octave": 4,
                        "availableNotes": [
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:9"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:10"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:11"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:12"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:13"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:14"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:15"
                            }
                        ],
                        "NoteMapOn": true,
                        "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                        "NoteMap": [
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true
                            }
                        ],
                        "LoopDuration": 15000
                    },
                    "waves": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "waveIntOsc": 0,
                    "oscTouchFadeVal": 0,
                    "oscPulseOn": true,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "oscsCount": 0,
                    "oscsIncrement": 2,
                    "oscFreq": 369.9944227116344,
                    "dur": "367ms"
                },
                {
                    "x": 203.92601013183594,
                    "y": 272.06103515625,
                    "NoteMapInfo": {
                        "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                        "baseNote": "a",
                        "octave": 4,
                        "availableNotes": [
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:70"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:71"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:72"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:73"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:74"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:75"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:76"
                            }
                        ],
                        "NoteMapOn": true,
                        "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                        "NoteMap": [
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true
                            }
                        ],
                        "LoopDuration": 15000
                    },
                    "waves": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "waveIntOsc": 0,
                    "oscTouchFadeVal": -5.6669921875,
                    "oscPulseOn": true,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "oscsCount": 0,
                    "oscsIncrement": 2,
                    "oscFreq": 293.6647679174076,
                    "dur": "42ms"
                }
            ],
            "loopDuration": 15000
        }
    },
    "nasty triangle ": {
        "soundSettings": {
            "osc1EnvType": "sawtooth",
            "osc2EnvType": "sine",
            "osc1Type": "sawtooth",
            "osc2Type": "sine",
            "delayFeedbackControl": 8,
            "delayTimeControl": 500,
            "delayVolumeControl": 100,
            "filterPortamento": 3510,
            "portamentoControl": 312,
            "env1Control": 15,
            "filterResonance": 1,
            "filterOn": true,
            "filterType": "lowpass",
            "env2Control": 11
        },
        "padSettings": {
            "fongDots": [
                {
                    "x": 225.67900466918945,
                    "y": 395.9309997558594,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "color": "#ded6d6",
                    "fadeOffset": 0,
                    "selectedClassType": true,
                    "selectedState": "sawtooth",
                    "domCtxID": "phongUIGrid",
                    "elementID": "oscTouch1",
                    "fadeElementID": "oscTouch1Fade",
                    "boardInputIndex": 0,
                    "dur": "367ms",
                    "gradient": "grad1",
                    "loopPositions": [],
                    "states": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "classes": [
                        true,
                        false
                    ],
                    "fongRole": "primary"
                },
                {
                    "x": 169.718994140625,
                    "y": 341.9649963378906,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "color": "#ded6d6",
                    "fadeOffset": 0,
                    "selectedClassType": true,
                    "selectedState": "sine",
                    "domCtxID": "phongUIGrid",
                    "elementID": "oscTouch2",
                    "fadeElementID": "oscTouch2Fade",
                    "boardInputIndex": 1,
                    "dur": "64ms",
                    "gradient": "grad2",
                    "loopPositions": [],
                    "states": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "classes": [
                        true,
                        false
                    ],
                    "fongRole": "secondary"
                }
            ],
            "soundBoardSettings": {
                "osc1EnvType": "square",
                "osc2EnvType": "square",
                "osc1Type": "sine",
                "osc2Type": "sine",
                "delayFeedbackControl": 8,
                "delayTimeControl": 500,
                "delayVolumeControl": 100,
                "filterPortamento": 0,
                "portamentoControl": 0,
                "env1Control": 10,
                "filterResonance": 5,
                "filterOn": true,
                "filterType": "lowpass",
                "env2Control": 8
            },
            "noteMapSettings": {
                "selectedFongIndex": 0,
                "fongs": [
                    {
                        "NoteMapInfo": {
                            "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                            "baseNote": "a",
                            "octave": 4,
                            "availableNotes": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ],
                            "NoteMapOn": false,
                            "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                            "NoteMap": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ]
                        }
                    },
                    {
                        "NoteMapInfo": {
                            "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                            "baseNote": "a",
                            "octave": 4,
                            "availableNotes": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ],
                            "NoteMapOn": false,
                            "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                            "NoteMap": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ]
                        }
                    }
                ]
            }
        },
        "noteSettings": {
            "selectedFongIndex": 0,
            "fongs": [
                {
                    "x": 225.67900466918945,
                    "y": 395.9309997558594,
                    "NoteMapInfo": {
                        "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                        "baseNote": "a",
                        "octave": 4,
                        "availableNotes": [
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:9"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:10"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:11"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:12"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:13"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:14"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:15"
                            }
                        ],
                        "NoteMapOn": true,
                        "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                        "NoteMap": [
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true
                            }
                        ],
                        "LoopDuration": 15000
                    },
                    "waves": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "waveIntOsc": 0,
                    "oscTouchFadeVal": 0,
                    "oscPulseOn": true,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "oscsCount": 0,
                    "oscsIncrement": 2,
                    "oscFreq": 329.6275569128699,
                    "dur": "367ms"
                },
                {
                    "x": 169.718994140625,
                    "y": 341.9649963378906,
                    "NoteMapInfo": {
                        "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                        "baseNote": "a",
                        "octave": 4,
                        "availableNotes": [
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:70"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:71"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:72"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:73"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:74"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:75"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:76"
                            }
                        ],
                        "NoteMapOn": true,
                        "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                        "NoteMap": [
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true
                            }
                        ],
                        "LoopDuration": 15000
                    },
                    "waves": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "waveIntOsc": 0,
                    "oscTouchFadeVal": 0,
                    "oscPulseOn": true,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "oscsCount": 0,
                    "oscsIncrement": 2,
                    "oscFreq": 293.6647679174076,
                    "dur": "64ms"
                }
            ],
            "loopDuration": 15000
        }
    },
    "interesting triangle": {
        "soundSettings": {
            "osc1EnvType": "sawtooth",
            "osc2EnvType": "sine",
            "osc1Type": "sawtooth",
            "osc2Type": "sine",
            "delayFeedbackControl": 8,
            "delayTimeControl": 500,
            "delayVolumeControl": 100,
            "filterPortamento": 3510,
            "portamentoControl": 312,
            "env1Control": 15,
            "filterResonance": 1,
            "filterOn": true,
            "filterType": "lowpass",
            "env2Control": 11
        },
        "padSettings": {
            "fongDots": [
                {
                    "x": 41.65800857543945,
                    "y": 443.4830017089844,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "color": "#ded6d6",
                    "fadeOffset": 0,
                    "selectedClassType": true,
                    "selectedState": "sawtooth",
                    "domCtxID": "phongUIGrid",
                    "elementID": "oscTouch1",
                    "fadeElementID": "oscTouch1Fade",
                    "boardInputIndex": 0,
                    "dur": "6176ms",
                    "gradient": "grad1",
                    "loopPositions": [],
                    "states": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "classes": [
                        true,
                        false
                    ],
                    "fongRole": "primary"
                },
                {
                    "x": 323,
                    "y": 215,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "color": "#ded6d6",
                    "fadeOffset": 0,
                    "selectedClassType": true,
                    "selectedState": "sine",
                    "domCtxID": "phongUIGrid",
                    "elementID": "oscTouch2",
                    "fadeElementID": "oscTouch2Fade",
                    "boardInputIndex": 1,
                    "dur": "517ms",
                    "gradient": "grad2",
                    "loopPositions": [],
                    "states": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "classes": [
                        true,
                        false
                    ],
                    "fongRole": "secondary"
                }
            ],
            "soundBoardSettings": {
                "osc1EnvType": "square",
                "osc2EnvType": "square",
                "osc1Type": "sine",
                "osc2Type": "sine",
                "delayFeedbackControl": 8,
                "delayTimeControl": 500,
                "delayVolumeControl": 100,
                "filterPortamento": 0,
                "portamentoControl": 0,
                "env1Control": 10,
                "filterResonance": 5,
                "filterOn": true,
                "filterType": "lowpass",
                "env2Control": 8
            },
            "noteMapSettings": {
                "selectedFongIndex": 0,
                "fongs": [
                    {
                        "NoteMapInfo": {
                            "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                            "baseNote": "a",
                            "octave": 4,
                            "availableNotes": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ],
                            "NoteMapOn": false,
                            "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                            "NoteMap": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ]
                        }
                    },
                    {
                        "NoteMapInfo": {
                            "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                            "baseNote": "a",
                            "octave": 4,
                            "availableNotes": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ],
                            "NoteMapOn": false,
                            "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                            "NoteMap": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ]
                        }
                    }
                ]
            }
        },
        "noteSettings": {
            "selectedFongIndex": 0,
            "fongs": [
                {
                    "x": 41.65800857543945,
                    "y": 443.4830017089844,
                    "NoteMapInfo": {
                        "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                        "baseNote": "a",
                        "octave": 4,
                        "availableNotes": [
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:9"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:10"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:11"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:12"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:13"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:14"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:15"
                            }
                        ],
                        "NoteMapOn": true,
                        "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                        "NoteMap": [
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true
                            }
                        ],
                        "LoopDuration": 15000
                    },
                    "waves": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "waveIntOsc": 0,
                    "oscTouchFadeVal": 0,
                    "oscPulseOn": true,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "oscsCount": 0,
                    "oscsIncrement": 2,
                    "oscFreq": 369.9944227116344,
                    "dur": "6176ms"
                },
                {
                    "x": 323,
                    "y": 215,
                    "NoteMapInfo": {
                        "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                        "baseNote": "a",
                        "octave": 4,
                        "availableNotes": [
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:70"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:71"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:72"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:73"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:74"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:75"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:76"
                            }
                        ],
                        "NoteMapOn": true,
                        "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                        "NoteMap": [
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true
                            }
                        ],
                        "LoopDuration": 15000
                    },
                    "waves": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "waveIntOsc": 0,
                    "oscTouchFadeVal": 0,
                    "oscPulseOn": true,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "oscsCount": 0,
                    "oscsIncrement": 2,
                    "oscFreq": 277.1826309768721,
                    "dur": "517ms"
                }
            ],
            "loopDuration": 15000
        }
    },
    "split triangle": {
        "soundSettings": {
            "osc1EnvType": "sawtooth",
            "osc2EnvType": "sine",
            "osc1Type": "sawtooth",
            "osc2Type": "sine",
            "delayFeedbackControl": 8,
            "delayTimeControl": 500,
            "delayVolumeControl": 100,
            "filterPortamento": 3510,
            "portamentoControl": 312,
            "env1Control": 15,
            "filterResonance": 1,
            "filterOn": true,
            "filterType": "lowpass",
            "env2Control": 11
        },
        "padSettings": {
            "fongDots": [
                {
                    "x": 174.30000686645508,
                    "y": 232.82199096679688,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "color": "#ded6d6",
                    "fadeOffset": -40.96701431274414,
                    "selectedClassType": true,
                    "selectedState": "sawtooth",
                    "domCtxID": "phongUIGrid",
                    "elementID": "oscTouch1",
                    "fadeElementID": "oscTouch1Fade",
                    "boardInputIndex": 0,
                    "dur": "498ms",
                    "gradient": "grad1",
                    "loopPositions": [],
                    "states": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "classes": [
                        true,
                        false
                    ],
                    "fongRole": "primary"
                },
                {
                    "x": 270.78199768066406,
                    "y": 431.27899169921875,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "color": "#ded6d6",
                    "fadeOffset": 30.218002319335938,
                    "selectedClassType": true,
                    "selectedState": "sine",
                    "domCtxID": "phongUIGrid",
                    "elementID": "oscTouch2",
                    "fadeElementID": "oscTouch2Fade",
                    "boardInputIndex": 1,
                    "dur": "50ms",
                    "gradient": "grad2",
                    "loopPositions": [],
                    "states": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "classes": [
                        true,
                        false
                    ],
                    "fongRole": "secondary"
                }
            ],
            "soundBoardSettings": {
                "osc1EnvType": "square",
                "osc2EnvType": "square",
                "osc1Type": "sine",
                "osc2Type": "sine",
                "delayFeedbackControl": 8,
                "delayTimeControl": 500,
                "delayVolumeControl": 100,
                "filterPortamento": 0,
                "portamentoControl": 0,
                "env1Control": 10,
                "filterResonance": 5,
                "filterOn": true,
                "filterType": "lowpass",
                "env2Control": 8
            },
            "noteMapSettings": {
                "selectedFongIndex": 0,
                "fongs": [
                    {
                        "NoteMapInfo": {
                            "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                            "baseNote": "a",
                            "octave": 4,
                            "availableNotes": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ],
                            "NoteMapOn": false,
                            "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                            "NoteMap": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ]
                        }
                    },
                    {
                        "NoteMapInfo": {
                            "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                            "baseNote": "a",
                            "octave": 4,
                            "availableNotes": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ],
                            "NoteMapOn": false,
                            "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                            "NoteMap": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ]
                        }
                    }
                ]
            }
        },
        "noteSettings": {
            "selectedFongIndex": 0,
            "fongs": [
                {
                    "x": 174.30000686645508,
                    "y": 232.82199096679688,
                    "NoteMapInfo": {
                        "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                        "baseNote": "a",
                        "octave": 4,
                        "availableNotes": [
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:9"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:10"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:11"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:12"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:13"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:14"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:15"
                            }
                        ],
                        "NoteMapOn": true,
                        "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                        "NoteMap": [
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true
                            }
                        ],
                        "LoopDuration": 15000
                    },
                    "waves": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "waveIntOsc": 0,
                    "oscTouchFadeVal": -40.96701431274414,
                    "oscPulseOn": true,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "oscsCount": 0,
                    "oscsIncrement": 2,
                    "oscFreq": 277.1826309768721,
                    "dur": "498ms"
                },
                {
                    "x": 270.78199768066406,
                    "y": 431.27899169921875,
                    "NoteMapInfo": {
                        "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                        "baseNote": "a",
                        "octave": 4,
                        "availableNotes": [
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:70"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:71"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:72"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:73"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:74"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:75"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:76"
                            }
                        ],
                        "NoteMapOn": true,
                        "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                        "NoteMap": [
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true
                            }
                        ],
                        "LoopDuration": 15000
                    },
                    "waves": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "waveIntOsc": 0,
                    "oscTouchFadeVal": 30.218002319335938,
                    "oscPulseOn": true,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "oscsCount": 0,
                    "oscsIncrement": 2,
                    "oscFreq": 329.6275569128699,
                    "dur": "50ms"
                }
            ],
            "loopDuration": 15000
        }
    },
    "triangle note map": {
        "soundSettings": {
            "osc1EnvType": "sawtooth",
            "osc2EnvType": "sine",
            "osc1Type": "sawtooth",
            "osc2Type": "sine",
            "delayFeedbackControl": 8,
            "delayTimeControl": 500,
            "delayVolumeControl": 100,
            "filterPortamento": 3510,
            "portamentoControl": 312,
            "env1Control": 15,
            "filterResonance": 1,
            "filterOn": true,
            "filterType": "lowpass",
            "env2Control": 11
        },
        "padSettings": {
            "fongDots": [
                {
                    "x": 174.30000686645508,
                    "y": 232.82199096679688,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "color": "#ded6d6",
                    "fadeOffset": -40.96701431274414,
                    "selectedClassType": true,
                    "selectedState": "sawtooth",
                    "domCtxID": "phongUIGrid",
                    "elementID": "oscTouch1",
                    "fadeElementID": "oscTouch1Fade",
                    "boardInputIndex": 0,
                    "dur": "498ms",
                    "gradient": "grad1",
                    "loopPositions": [],
                    "states": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "classes": [
                        true,
                        false
                    ],
                    "fongRole": "primary"
                },
                {
                    "x": 270.78199768066406,
                    "y": 431.27899169921875,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "color": "#ded6d6",
                    "fadeOffset": 30.218002319335938,
                    "selectedClassType": true,
                    "selectedState": "sine",
                    "domCtxID": "phongUIGrid",
                    "elementID": "oscTouch2",
                    "fadeElementID": "oscTouch2Fade",
                    "boardInputIndex": 1,
                    "dur": "50ms",
                    "gradient": "grad2",
                    "loopPositions": [],
                    "states": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "classes": [
                        true,
                        false
                    ],
                    "fongRole": "secondary"
                }
            ],
            "soundBoardSettings": {
                "osc1EnvType": "square",
                "osc2EnvType": "square",
                "osc1Type": "sine",
                "osc2Type": "sine",
                "delayFeedbackControl": 8,
                "delayTimeControl": 500,
                "delayVolumeControl": 100,
                "filterPortamento": 0,
                "portamentoControl": 0,
                "env1Control": 10,
                "filterResonance": 5,
                "filterOn": true,
                "filterType": "lowpass",
                "env2Control": 8
            },
            "noteMapSettings": {
                "selectedFongIndex": 0,
                "fongs": [
                    {
                        "NoteMapInfo": {
                            "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                            "baseNote": "a",
                            "octave": 4,
                            "availableNotes": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ],
                            "NoteMapOn": false,
                            "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                            "NoteMap": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ]
                        }
                    },
                    {
                        "NoteMapInfo": {
                            "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                            "baseNote": "a",
                            "octave": 4,
                            "availableNotes": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ],
                            "NoteMapOn": false,
                            "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                            "NoteMap": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ]
                        }
                    }
                ]
            }
        },
        "noteSettings": {
            "selectedFongIndex": 0,
            "fongs": [
                {
                    "x": 174.30000686645508,
                    "y": 232.82199096679688,
                    "NoteMapInfo": {
                        "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                        "baseNote": "a",
                        "octave": 4,
                        "availableNotes": [
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:10"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:11"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:596"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:12"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:13"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:14"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:15"
                            }
                        ],
                        "NoteMapOn": true,
                        "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                        "NoteMap": [
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:10"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:11"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:596"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:12"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:13"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:14"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:15"
                            }
                        ],
                        "LoopDuration": 15000
                    },
                    "waves": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "waveIntOsc": 0,
                    "oscTouchFadeVal": -40.96701431274414,
                    "oscPulseOn": true,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "oscsCount": 0,
                    "oscsIncrement": 2,
                    "oscFreq": 440,
                    "dur": "498ms"
                },
                {
                    "x": 270.78199768066406,
                    "y": 431.27899169921875,
                    "NoteMapInfo": {
                        "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                        "baseNote": "a",
                        "octave": 4,
                        "availableNotes": [
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:576"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:70"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:579"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:71"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:72"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:74"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:76"
                            }
                        ],
                        "NoteMapOn": true,
                        "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                        "NoteMap": [
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:576"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:70"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:579"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:71"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:72"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:74"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:76"
                            }
                        ],
                        "LoopDuration": 15000
                    },
                    "waves": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "waveIntOsc": 0,
                    "oscTouchFadeVal": 30.218002319335938,
                    "oscPulseOn": true,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "oscsCount": 0,
                    "oscsIncrement": 2,
                    "oscFreq": 277.1826309768721,
                    "dur": "50ms"
                }
            ],
            "loopDuration": 15000
        }
    },
    "with loop": {
        "soundSettings": {
            "osc1EnvType": "sawtooth",
            "osc2EnvType": "sine",
            "osc1Type": "sawtooth",
            "osc2Type": "sine",
            "delayFeedbackControl": 8,
            "delayTimeControl": 500,
            "delayVolumeControl": 100,
            "filterPortamento": 3510,
            "portamentoControl": 312,
            "env1Control": 15,
            "filterResonance": 1,
            "filterOn": true,
            "filterType": "lowpass",
            "env2Control": 11
        },
        "padSettings": {
            "fongDots": [
                {
                    "x": 60,
                    "y": 60,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "color": "#ded6d6",
                    "fadeOffset": 0,
                    "selectedClassType": true,
                    "selectedState": "sine",
                    "gradient": "grad1",
                    "domCtxID": "phongUIGrid",
                    "elementID": "oscTouch1",
                    "fadeElementID": "oscTouch1Fade",
                    "boardInputIndex": 0,
                    "fongRole": "primary",
                    "states": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "classes": [
                        true,
                        false
                    ]
                },
                {
                    "x": 200,
                    "y": 200,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "color": "#ded6d6",
                    "fadeOffset": 0,
                    "selectedClassType": true,
                    "selectedState": "sine",
                    "gradient": "grad2",
                    "domCtxID": "phongUIGrid",
                    "elementID": "oscTouch2",
                    "fadeElementID": "oscTouch2Fade",
                    "boardInputIndex": 1,
                    "fongRole": "secondary",
                    "states": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "classes": [
                        true,
                        false
                    ]
                }
            ],
            "soundBoardSettings": {
                "osc1EnvType": "square",
                "osc2EnvType": "square",
                "osc1Type": "sine",
                "osc2Type": "sine",
                "delayFeedbackControl": 8,
                "delayTimeControl": 500,
                "delayVolumeControl": 100,
                "filterPortamento": 0,
                "portamentoControl": 0,
                "env1Control": 10,
                "filterResonance": 5,
                "filterOn": true,
                "filterType": "lowpass",
                "env2Control": 8
            },
            "noteMapSettings": {
                "selectedFongIndex": 0,
                "fongs": [
                    {
                        "NoteMapInfo": {
                            "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                            "baseNote": "a",
                            "octave": 4,
                            "availableNotes": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ],
                            "NoteMapOn": false,
                            "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                            "NoteMap": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ]
                        }
                    },
                    {
                        "NoteMapInfo": {
                            "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                            "baseNote": "a",
                            "octave": 4,
                            "availableNotes": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ],
                            "NoteMapOn": false,
                            "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                            "NoteMap": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ]
                        }
                    }
                ]
            }
        },
        "noteSettings": {
            "selectedFongIndex": 1,
            "fongs": [
                {
                    "x": 89,
                    "y": 483,
                    "NoteMapInfo": {
                        "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                        "baseNote": "a",
                        "octave": 4,
                        "availableNotes": [
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:9"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:10"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:11"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:12"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:13"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:14"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:15"
                            }
                        ],
                        "NoteMapOn": true,
                        "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                        "NoteMap": [
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true
                            }
                        ],
                        "LoopDuration": 15000,
                        "LoopOn": true
                    },
                    "waves": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "waveIntOsc": 0,
                    "oscTouchFadeVal": -23.040985107421875,
                    "oscPulseOn": true,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "oscsCount": 0,
                    "oscsIncrement": 2,
                    "oscFreq": 415.3046975799451,
                    "dur": "1220ms"
                },
                {
                    "x": 85.93499755859375,
                    "y": 197.08900451660156,
                    "NoteMapInfo": {
                        "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                        "baseNote": "a",
                        "octave": 4,
                        "availableNotes": [
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:70"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:71"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:72"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:73"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:74"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:75"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:76"
                            }
                        ],
                        "NoteMapOn": true,
                        "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                        "NoteMap": [
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true
                            }
                        ],
                        "LoopDuration": 15000,
                        "LoopOn": true
                    },
                    "waves": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "waveIntOsc": 0,
                    "oscTouchFadeVal": -37.30799865722656,
                    "oscPulseOn": true,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "oscsCount": 0,
                    "oscsIncrement": 2,
                    "oscFreq": 329.6275569128699,
                    "dur": "535ms"
                }
            ],
            "loopDuration": 15000
        }
    },
    "cool beans ": {
        "soundSettings": {
            "osc1EnvType": "square",
            "osc2EnvType": "triangle",
            "osc1Type": "sine",
            "osc2Type": "triangle",
            "delayFeedbackControl": 8,
            "delayTimeControl": 5611,
            "delayVolumeControl": 84,
            "filterPortamento": 3510,
            "portamentoControl": 451,
            "env1Control": 12,
            "filterResonance": 23,
            "filterOn": true,
            "filterType": "peaking",
            "env2Control": 25
        },
        "padSettings": {
            "fongDots": [
                {
                    "x": 60,
                    "y": 60,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "color": "#ded6d6",
                    "fadeOffset": 0,
                    "selectedClassType": true,
                    "selectedState": "sine",
                    "gradient": "grad1",
                    "domCtxID": "phongUIGrid",
                    "elementID": "oscTouch1",
                    "fadeElementID": "oscTouch1Fade",
                    "boardInputIndex": 0,
                    "fongRole": "primary",
                    "states": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "classes": [
                        true,
                        false
                    ]
                },
                {
                    "x": 200,
                    "y": 200,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "color": "#ded6d6",
                    "fadeOffset": 0,
                    "selectedClassType": true,
                    "selectedState": "sine",
                    "gradient": "grad2",
                    "domCtxID": "phongUIGrid",
                    "elementID": "oscTouch2",
                    "fadeElementID": "oscTouch2Fade",
                    "boardInputIndex": 1,
                    "fongRole": "secondary",
                    "states": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "classes": [
                        true,
                        false
                    ]
                }
            ],
            "soundBoardSettings": {
                "osc1EnvType": "square",
                "osc2EnvType": "square",
                "osc1Type": "sine",
                "osc2Type": "sine",
                "delayFeedbackControl": 8,
                "delayTimeControl": 500,
                "delayVolumeControl": 100,
                "filterPortamento": 0,
                "portamentoControl": 0,
                "env1Control": 10,
                "filterResonance": 5,
                "filterOn": true,
                "filterType": "lowpass",
                "env2Control": 8
            },
            "noteMapSettings": {
                "selectedFongIndex": 0,
                "fongs": [
                    {
                        "NoteMapInfo": {
                            "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                            "baseNote": "a",
                            "octave": 4,
                            "availableNotes": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ],
                            "NoteMapOn": false,
                            "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                            "NoteMap": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ]
                        }
                    },
                    {
                        "NoteMapInfo": {
                            "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                            "baseNote": "a",
                            "octave": 4,
                            "availableNotes": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ],
                            "NoteMapOn": false,
                            "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                            "NoteMap": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ]
                        }
                    }
                ]
            }
        },
        "noteSettings": {
            "selectedFongIndex": 0,
            "fongs": [
                {
                    "x": 169.18000411987305,
                    "y": 222.64698791503906,
                    "NoteMapInfo": {
                        "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                        "baseNote": "a",
                        "octave": 3,
                        "availableNotes": [
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 220,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:1174"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 246.94165062806206,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:1175"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 138.59131548843604,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:1176"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 146.8323839587038,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:1177"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 164.81377845643496,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:1178"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 184.99721135581723,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:1179"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 207.65234878997256,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:1180"
                            }
                        ],
                        "NoteMapOn": true,
                        "FilterNoteMapOn": true,
                        "NoteMap": [
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 220,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:1174"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 246.94165062806206,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:1175"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 138.59131548843604,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:1176"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 146.8323839587038,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:1177"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 164.81377845643496,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:1178"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 184.99721135581723,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:1179"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 207.65234878997256,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:1180"
                            }
                        ],
                        "LoopDuration": 11925,
                        "LoopOn": false
                    },
                    "waves": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "waveIntOsc": 0,
                    "oscTouchFadeVal": -25.667007446289062,
                    "oscPulseOn": true,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "oscsCount": 0,
                    "oscsIncrement": 2,
                    "oscFreq": 138.59131548843604,
                    "dur": "646ms"
                },
                {
                    "x": 230.333984375,
                    "y": 233.40301513671875,
                    "NoteMapInfo": {
                        "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                        "baseNote": "e",
                        "octave": 4,
                        "availableNotes": [
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:834"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.99442271163446,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:835"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:836"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:837"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:838"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:839"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d#",
                                "freq": 311.12698372208087,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:840"
                            }
                        ],
                        "NoteMapOn": true,
                        "FilterNoteMapOn": true,
                        "NoteMap": [
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:834"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.99442271163446,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:835"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:836"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:837"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:838"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:839"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d#",
                                "freq": 311.12698372208087,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:840"
                            }
                        ],
                        "LoopDuration": 15000,
                        "LoopOn": false
                    },
                    "waves": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "waveIntOsc": 0,
                    "oscTouchFadeVal": 37.84698486328125,
                    "oscPulseOn": true,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "oscsCount": 0,
                    "oscsIncrement": 2,
                    "oscFreq": 415.3046975799451,
                    "dur": "34ms"
                }
            ],
            "loopDuration": 11925
        }
    },
    "also cool": {
        "soundSettings": {
            "osc1EnvType": "sawtooth",
            "osc2EnvType": "sine",
            "osc1Type": "sawtooth",
            "osc2Type": "sine",
            "delayFeedbackControl": 8,
            "delayTimeControl": 500,
            "delayVolumeControl": 100,
            "filterPortamento": 3510,
            "portamentoControl": 312,
            "env1Control": 15,
            "filterResonance": 1,
            "filterOn": true,
            "filterType": "lowpass",
            "env2Control": 11
        },
        "padSettings": {
            "fongDots": [
                {
                    "x": 127.22200393676758,
                    "y": 273.27098083496094,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "color": "#ded6d6",
                    "fadeOffset": -40.96701431274414,
                    "selectedClassType": true,
                    "selectedState": "sawtooth",
                    "domCtxID": "phongUIGrid",
                    "elementID": "oscTouch1",
                    "fadeElementID": "oscTouch1Fade",
                    "boardInputIndex": 0,
                    "dur": "740ms",
                    "gradient": "grad1",
                    "loopPositions": [],
                    "states": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "classes": [
                        true,
                        false
                    ],
                    "fongRole": "primary"
                },
                {
                    "x": 157.59100341796875,
                    "y": 282.6340026855469,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "color": "#ded6d6",
                    "fadeOffset": 30.218002319335938,
                    "selectedClassType": true,
                    "selectedState": "sine",
                    "domCtxID": "phongUIGrid",
                    "elementID": "oscTouch2",
                    "fadeElementID": "oscTouch2Fade",
                    "boardInputIndex": 1,
                    "dur": "142ms",
                    "gradient": "grad2",
                    "loopPositions": [],
                    "states": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "classes": [
                        true,
                        false
                    ],
                    "fongRole": "secondary"
                }
            ],
            "soundBoardSettings": {
                "osc1EnvType": "square",
                "osc2EnvType": "square",
                "osc1Type": "sine",
                "osc2Type": "sine",
                "delayFeedbackControl": 8,
                "delayTimeControl": 500,
                "delayVolumeControl": 100,
                "filterPortamento": 0,
                "portamentoControl": 0,
                "env1Control": 10,
                "filterResonance": 5,
                "filterOn": true,
                "filterType": "lowpass",
                "env2Control": 8
            },
            "noteMapSettings": {
                "selectedFongIndex": 0,
                "fongs": [
                    {
                        "NoteMapInfo": {
                            "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                            "baseNote": "a",
                            "octave": 4,
                            "availableNotes": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ],
                            "NoteMapOn": false,
                            "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                            "NoteMap": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ]
                        }
                    },
                    {
                        "NoteMapInfo": {
                            "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                            "baseNote": "a",
                            "octave": 4,
                            "availableNotes": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ],
                            "NoteMapOn": false,
                            "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                            "NoteMap": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ]
                        }
                    }
                ]
            }
        },
        "noteSettings": {
            "selectedFongIndex": 0,
            "fongs": [
                {
                    "x": 127.22200393676758,
                    "y": 273.27098083496094,
                    "NoteMapInfo": {
                        "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                        "baseNote": "a",
                        "octave": 4,
                        "availableNotes": [
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:10"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:11"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:596"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:12"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:13"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:14"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:15"
                            }
                        ],
                        "NoteMapOn": true,
                        "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                        "NoteMap": [
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:10"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:11"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:596"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:12"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:13"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:14"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:15"
                            }
                        ],
                        "LoopDuration": 15000,
                        "LoopOn": false
                    },
                    "waves": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "waveIntOsc": 0,
                    "oscTouchFadeVal": -40.96701431274414,
                    "oscPulseOn": true,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "oscsCount": 0,
                    "oscsIncrement": 2,
                    "oscFreq": 293.6647679174076,
                    "dur": "740ms"
                },
                {
                    "x": 157.59100341796875,
                    "y": 282.6340026855469,
                    "NoteMapInfo": {
                        "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                        "baseNote": "a",
                        "octave": 4,
                        "availableNotes": [
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:576"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:70"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:579"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:71"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:72"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:74"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:76"
                            }
                        ],
                        "NoteMapOn": true,
                        "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                        "NoteMap": [
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:576"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:70"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:579"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:71"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:72"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:74"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:76"
                            }
                        ],
                        "LoopDuration": 15000,
                        "LoopOn": false
                    },
                    "waves": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "waveIntOsc": 0,
                    "oscTouchFadeVal": 30.218002319335938,
                    "oscPulseOn": true,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "oscsCount": 0,
                    "oscsIncrement": 2,
                    "oscFreq": 493.8833012561241,
                    "dur": "142ms"
                }
            ],
            "loopDuration": 15000
        }
    },
    "interesting ": {
        "soundSettings": {
            "osc1EnvType": "sawtooth",
            "osc2EnvType": "sine",
            "osc1Type": "square",
            "osc2Type": "sine",
            "delayFeedbackControl": 8,
            "delayTimeControl": 1985,
            "delayVolumeControl": 100,
            "filterPortamento": 7674,
            "portamentoControl": 428,
            "env1Control": 15,
            "filterResonance": 0,
            "filterOn": true,
            "filterType": "lowpass",
            "env2Control": 11
        },
        "padSettings": {
            "fongDots": [
                {
                    "x": 60,
                    "y": 60,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "color": "#ded6d6",
                    "fadeOffset": 0,
                    "selectedClassType": true,
                    "selectedState": "sine",
                    "gradient": "grad1",
                    "domCtxID": "phongUIGrid",
                    "elementID": "oscTouch1",
                    "fadeElementID": "oscTouch1Fade",
                    "boardInputIndex": 0,
                    "fongRole": "primary",
                    "states": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "classes": [
                        true,
                        false
                    ]
                },
                {
                    "x": 200,
                    "y": 200,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "color": "#ded6d6",
                    "fadeOffset": 0,
                    "selectedClassType": true,
                    "selectedState": "sine",
                    "gradient": "grad2",
                    "domCtxID": "phongUIGrid",
                    "elementID": "oscTouch2",
                    "fadeElementID": "oscTouch2Fade",
                    "boardInputIndex": 1,
                    "fongRole": "secondary",
                    "states": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "classes": [
                        true,
                        false
                    ]
                }
            ],
            "soundBoardSettings": {
                "osc1EnvType": "square",
                "osc2EnvType": "square",
                "osc1Type": "sine",
                "osc2Type": "sine",
                "delayFeedbackControl": 8,
                "delayTimeControl": 500,
                "delayVolumeControl": 100,
                "filterPortamento": 0,
                "portamentoControl": 0,
                "env1Control": 10,
                "filterResonance": 5,
                "filterOn": true,
                "filterType": "lowpass",
                "env2Control": 8
            },
            "noteMapSettings": {
                "selectedFongIndex": 0,
                "fongs": [
                    {
                        "NoteMapInfo": {
                            "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                            "baseNote": "a",
                            "octave": 4,
                            "availableNotes": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ],
                            "NoteMapOn": false,
                            "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                            "NoteMap": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ]
                        }
                    },
                    {
                        "NoteMapInfo": {
                            "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                            "baseNote": "a",
                            "octave": 4,
                            "availableNotes": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ],
                            "NoteMapOn": false,
                            "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                            "NoteMap": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ]
                        }
                    }
                ]
            }
        },
        "noteSettings": {
            "selectedFongIndex": 0,
            "fongs": [
                {
                    "x": 159.33299255371094,
                    "y": 295.3330078125,
                    "NoteMapInfo": {
                        "SelectedScale": "blues",
                        "baseNote": "d",
                        "octave": 3,
                        "availableNotes": [
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 207.65234878997256,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:2380"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 146.8323839587038,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:2383"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f",
                                "freq": 174.61411571650194,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:2386"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g",
                                "freq": 195.99771799087463,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:2364"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 220,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:2366"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c",
                                "freq": 130.8127826502993,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:2367"
                            }
                        ],
                        "NoteMapOn": true,
                        "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                        "NoteMap": [
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 207.65234878997256,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:2380"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 146.8323839587038,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:2383"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f",
                                "freq": 174.61411571650194,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:2386"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g",
                                "freq": 195.99771799087463,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:2364"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 220,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:2366"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c",
                                "freq": 130.8127826502993,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:2367"
                            }
                        ],
                        "LoopDuration": 12175,
                        "LoopOn": true
                    },
                    "waves": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "waveIntOsc": 0,
                    "oscTouchFadeVal": -40.96701431274414,
                    "oscPulseOn": true,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "oscsCount": 0,
                    "oscsIncrement": 2,
                    "oscFreq": 130.8127826502993,
                    "dur": "387ms"
                },
                {
                    "x": 198,
                    "y": 390,
                    "NoteMapInfo": {
                        "SelectedScale": "blues",
                        "baseNote": "a",
                        "octave": 4,
                        "availableNotes": [
                            {
                                "label": "c",
                                "freq": 261.6255653005986,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:2099"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:2100"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g",
                                "freq": 391.99543598174927,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:2268"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d#",
                                "freq": 311.12698372208087,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:2101"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:2265"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:2102"
                            }
                        ],
                        "NoteMapOn": true,
                        "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                        "NoteMap": [
                            {
                                "label": "c",
                                "freq": 261.6255653005986,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:2099"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:2100"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g",
                                "freq": 391.99543598174927,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:2268"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d#",
                                "freq": 311.12698372208087,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:2101"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:2265"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:2102"
                            }
                        ],
                        "LoopDuration": 5918,
                        "LoopOn": true
                    },
                    "waves": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "waveIntOsc": 0,
                    "oscTouchFadeVal": 30.218002319335938,
                    "oscPulseOn": true,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "oscsCount": 0,
                    "oscsIncrement": 2,
                    "oscFreq": 329.6275569128699,
                    "dur": "56ms"
                }
            ],
            "loopDuration": 12175
        }
    },
    "more good": {
        "soundSettings": {
            "osc1EnvType": "triangle",
            "osc2EnvType": "sine",
            "osc1Type": "sawtooth",
            "osc2Type": "sine",
            "delayFeedbackControl": 1,
            "delayTimeControl": 500,
            "delayVolumeControl": 11,
            "filterPortamento": 1475,
            "portamentoControl": 199,
            "env1Control": 8,
            "filterResonance": 1,
            "filterOn": true,
            "filterType": "lowpass",
            "env2Control": 7
        },
        "padSettings": {
            "fongDots": [
                {
                    "x": 60,
                    "y": 60,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "color": "#ded6d6",
                    "fadeOffset": 0,
                    "selectedClassType": true,
                    "selectedState": "sine",
                    "gradient": "grad1",
                    "domCtxID": "phongUIGrid",
                    "elementID": "oscTouch1",
                    "fadeElementID": "oscTouch1Fade",
                    "boardInputIndex": 0,
                    "fongRole": "primary",
                    "states": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "classes": [
                        true,
                        false
                    ]
                },
                {
                    "x": 200,
                    "y": 200,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "color": "#ded6d6",
                    "fadeOffset": 0,
                    "selectedClassType": true,
                    "selectedState": "sine",
                    "gradient": "grad2",
                    "domCtxID": "phongUIGrid",
                    "elementID": "oscTouch2",
                    "fadeElementID": "oscTouch2Fade",
                    "boardInputIndex": 1,
                    "fongRole": "secondary",
                    "states": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "classes": [
                        true,
                        false
                    ]
                }
            ],
            "soundBoardSettings": {
                "osc1EnvType": "square",
                "osc2EnvType": "square",
                "osc1Type": "sine",
                "osc2Type": "sine",
                "delayFeedbackControl": 8,
                "delayTimeControl": 500,
                "delayVolumeControl": 100,
                "filterPortamento": 0,
                "portamentoControl": 0,
                "env1Control": 10,
                "filterResonance": 5,
                "filterOn": true,
                "filterType": "lowpass",
                "env2Control": 8
            },
            "noteMapSettings": {
                "selectedFongIndex": 0,
                "fongs": [
                    {
                        "NoteMapInfo": {
                            "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                            "baseNote": "a",
                            "octave": 4,
                            "availableNotes": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ],
                            "NoteMapOn": false,
                            "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                            "NoteMap": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ]
                        }
                    },
                    {
                        "NoteMapInfo": {
                            "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                            "baseNote": "a",
                            "octave": 4,
                            "availableNotes": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ],
                            "NoteMapOn": false,
                            "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                            "NoteMap": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ]
                        }
                    }
                ]
            }
        },
        "noteSettings": {
            "selectedFongIndex": 0,
            "fongs": [
                {
                    "x": 181.33299255371094,
                    "y": 226.33299255371094,
                    "NoteMapInfo": {
                        "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                        "baseNote": "a",
                        "octave": 4,
                        "availableNotes": [
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:10"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:11"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:313"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:12"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:13"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:14"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:15"
                            }
                        ],
                        "NoteMapOn": true,
                        "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                        "NoteMap": [
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:10"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:11"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:313"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:12"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:13"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:14"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:15"
                            }
                        ],
                        "LoopDuration": 15000,
                        "LoopOn": true
                    },
                    "waves": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "waveIntOsc": 0,
                    "oscTouchFadeVal": 0,
                    "oscPulseOn": true,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "oscsCount": 0,
                    "oscsIncrement": 2,
                    "oscFreq": 329.6275569128699,
                    "dur": "892ms"
                },
                {
                    "x": 143.66700744628906,
                    "y": 318.3330078125,
                    "NoteMapInfo": {
                        "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                        "baseNote": "a",
                        "octave": 4,
                        "availableNotes": [
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:288"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:70"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:291"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:71"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:73"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:75"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:76"
                            }
                        ],
                        "NoteMapOn": true,
                        "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                        "NoteMap": [
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:288"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:70"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:291"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:71"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:73"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:75"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:76"
                            }
                        ],
                        "LoopDuration": 15000,
                        "LoopOn": true
                    },
                    "waves": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "waveIntOsc": 0,
                    "oscTouchFadeVal": -38.334007263183594,
                    "oscPulseOn": true,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "oscsCount": 0,
                    "oscsIncrement": 2,
                    "oscFreq": 415.3046975799451,
                    "dur": "302ms"
                }
            ],
            "loopDuration": 15000
        }
    },
    "great": {
        "soundSettings": {
            "osc1EnvType": "triangle",
            "osc2EnvType": "sine",
            "osc1Type": "sawtooth",
            "osc2Type": "sine",
            "delayFeedbackControl": 1,
            "delayTimeControl": 500,
            "delayVolumeControl": 11,
            "filterPortamento": 1475,
            "portamentoControl": 199,
            "env1Control": 8,
            "filterResonance": 1,
            "filterOn": true,
            "filterType": "lowpass",
            "env2Control": 7
        },
        "padSettings": {
            "fongDots": [
                {
                    "x": 60,
                    "y": 60,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "color": "#ded6d6",
                    "fadeOffset": 0,
                    "selectedClassType": true,
                    "selectedState": "sine",
                    "gradient": "grad1",
                    "domCtxID": "phongUIGrid",
                    "elementID": "oscTouch1",
                    "fadeElementID": "oscTouch1Fade",
                    "boardInputIndex": 0,
                    "fongRole": "primary",
                    "states": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "classes": [
                        true,
                        false
                    ]
                },
                {
                    "x": 200,
                    "y": 200,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "color": "#ded6d6",
                    "fadeOffset": 0,
                    "selectedClassType": true,
                    "selectedState": "sine",
                    "gradient": "grad2",
                    "domCtxID": "phongUIGrid",
                    "elementID": "oscTouch2",
                    "fadeElementID": "oscTouch2Fade",
                    "boardInputIndex": 1,
                    "fongRole": "secondary",
                    "states": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "classes": [
                        true,
                        false
                    ]
                }
            ],
            "soundBoardSettings": {
                "osc1EnvType": "square",
                "osc2EnvType": "square",
                "osc1Type": "sine",
                "osc2Type": "sine",
                "delayFeedbackControl": 8,
                "delayTimeControl": 500,
                "delayVolumeControl": 100,
                "filterPortamento": 0,
                "portamentoControl": 0,
                "env1Control": 10,
                "filterResonance": 5,
                "filterOn": true,
                "filterType": "lowpass",
                "env2Control": 8
            },
            "noteMapSettings": {
                "selectedFongIndex": 0,
                "fongs": [
                    {
                        "NoteMapInfo": {
                            "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                            "baseNote": "a",
                            "octave": 4,
                            "availableNotes": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ],
                            "NoteMapOn": false,
                            "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                            "NoteMap": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ]
                        }
                    },
                    {
                        "NoteMapInfo": {
                            "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                            "baseNote": "a",
                            "octave": 4,
                            "availableNotes": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ],
                            "NoteMapOn": false,
                            "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                            "NoteMap": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ]
                        }
                    }
                ]
            }
        },
        "noteSettings": {
            "selectedFongIndex": 1,
            "fongs": [
                {
                    "x": 229.5459747314453,
                    "y": 220.21499633789062,
                    "NoteMapInfo": {
                        "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                        "baseNote": "a",
                        "octave": 4,
                        "availableNotes": [
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:10"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:11"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:313"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:12"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:13"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:14"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:15"
                            }
                        ],
                        "NoteMapOn": true,
                        "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                        "NoteMap": [
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:10"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:11"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:313"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:12"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:13"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:14"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:15"
                            }
                        ],
                        "LoopDuration": 15000,
                        "LoopOn": false
                    },
                    "waves": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "waveIntOsc": 0,
                    "oscTouchFadeVal": 59.88300323486328,
                    "oscPulseOn": true,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "oscsCount": 0,
                    "oscsIncrement": 2,
                    "oscFreq": 440,
                    "dur": "676ms"
                },
                {
                    "x": 291.42100524902344,
                    "y": 333.64202880859375,
                    "NoteMapInfo": {
                        "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                        "baseNote": "a",
                        "octave": 4,
                        "availableNotes": [
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:288"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:70"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:291"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:71"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:73"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:75"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:76"
                            }
                        ],
                        "NoteMapOn": true,
                        "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                        "NoteMap": [
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:288"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 440,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:70"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:291"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:71"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:73"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:75"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:76"
                            }
                        ],
                        "LoopDuration": 15000,
                        "LoopOn": false
                    },
                    "waves": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "waveIntOsc": 0,
                    "oscTouchFadeVal": -52.8489990234375,
                    "oscPulseOn": true,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "oscsCount": 0,
                    "oscsIncrement": 2,
                    "oscFreq": 493.8833012561241,
                    "dur": "99ms"
                }
            ],
            "loopDuration": 15000
        }
    },
    "yeah plus loop": {
        "soundSettings": {
            "osc1EnvType": "triangle",
            "osc2EnvType": "sine",
            "osc1Type": "sawtooth",
            "osc2Type": "sine",
            "delayFeedbackControl": 1,
            "delayTimeControl": 500,
            "delayVolumeControl": 11,
            "filterPortamento": 1475,
            "portamentoControl": 199,
            "env1Control": 14,
            "filterResonance": 1,
            "filterOn": true,
            "filterType": "lowpass",
            "env2Control": 6
        },
        "padSettings": {
            "fongDots": [
                {
                    "x": 60,
                    "y": 60,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "color": "#ded6d6",
                    "fadeOffset": 0,
                    "selectedClassType": true,
                    "selectedState": "sine",
                    "gradient": "grad1",
                    "domCtxID": "phongUIGrid",
                    "elementID": "oscTouch1",
                    "fadeElementID": "oscTouch1Fade",
                    "boardInputIndex": 0,
                    "fongRole": "primary",
                    "states": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "classes": [
                        true,
                        false
                    ]
                },
                {
                    "x": 200,
                    "y": 200,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "color": "#ded6d6",
                    "fadeOffset": 0,
                    "selectedClassType": true,
                    "selectedState": "sine",
                    "gradient": "grad2",
                    "domCtxID": "phongUIGrid",
                    "elementID": "oscTouch2",
                    "fadeElementID": "oscTouch2Fade",
                    "boardInputIndex": 1,
                    "fongRole": "secondary",
                    "states": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "classes": [
                        true,
                        false
                    ]
                }
            ],
            "soundBoardSettings": {
                "osc1EnvType": "square",
                "osc2EnvType": "square",
                "osc1Type": "sine",
                "osc2Type": "sine",
                "delayFeedbackControl": 8,
                "delayTimeControl": 500,
                "delayVolumeControl": 100,
                "filterPortamento": 0,
                "portamentoControl": 0,
                "env1Control": 10,
                "filterResonance": 5,
                "filterOn": true,
                "filterType": "lowpass",
                "env2Control": 8
            },
            "noteMapSettings": {
                "selectedFongIndex": 0,
                "fongs": [
                    {
                        "NoteMapInfo": {
                            "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                            "baseNote": "a",
                            "octave": 4,
                            "availableNotes": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ],
                            "NoteMapOn": false,
                            "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                            "NoteMap": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ]
                        }
                    },
                    {
                        "NoteMapInfo": {
                            "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                            "baseNote": "a",
                            "octave": 4,
                            "availableNotes": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ],
                            "NoteMapOn": false,
                            "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                            "NoteMap": [
                                {
                                    "label": "a",
                                    "freq": 440,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "b",
                                    "freq": 493.8833012561241,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "c#",
                                    "freq": 277.1826309768721,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "d",
                                    "freq": 293.6647679174076,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "e",
                                    "freq": 329.6275569128699,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "f#",
                                    "freq": 369.9944227116344,
                                    "on": true
                                },
                                {
                                    "label": "g#",
                                    "freq": 415.3046975799451,
                                    "on": true
                                }
                            ]
                        }
                    }
                ]
            }
        },
        "noteSettings": {
            "selectedFongIndex": 1,
            "fongs": [
                {
                    "x": 236.66700744628906,
                    "y": 85.62000274658203,
                    "NoteMapInfo": {
                        "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                        "baseNote": "a",
                        "octave": 3,
                        "availableNotes": [
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 246.94165062806206,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:203"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 138.59131548843604,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:204"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 220,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:205"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 146.8323839587038,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:206"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 164.81377845643496,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:207"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 184.99721135581723,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:208"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 207.65234878997256,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:209"
                            }
                        ],
                        "NoteMapOn": true,
                        "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                        "NoteMap": [
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 246.94165062806206,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:203"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 138.59131548843604,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:204"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 220,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:205"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 146.8323839587038,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:206"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 164.81377845643496,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:207"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 184.99721135581723,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:208"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 207.65234878997256,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:209"
                            }
                        ],
                        "LoopDuration": 4517,
                        "LoopOn": true
                    },
                    "waves": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "waveIntOsc": 0,
                    "oscTouchFadeVal": -20,
                    "oscPulseOn": true,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "oscsCount": 0,
                    "oscsIncrement": 2,
                    "oscFreq": 138.59131548843604,
                    "dur": "373ms"
                },
                {
                    "x": 266.5,
                    "y": 170.33299255371094,
                    "NoteMapInfo": {
                        "SelectedScale": "ionian",
                        "baseNote": "a",
                        "octave": 5,
                        "availableNotes": [
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 554.3652619537442,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:239"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 880,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:240"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 659.2551138257398,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:241"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 987.7666025122483,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:242"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 587.3295358348151,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:243"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 739.9888454232689,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:244"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 830.6093951598903,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:245"
                            }
                        ],
                        "NoteMapOn": true,
                        "FilterNoteMapOn": false,
                        "NoteMap": [
                            {
                                "label": "c#",
                                "freq": 554.3652619537442,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:239"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "a",
                                "freq": 880,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:240"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "e",
                                "freq": 659.2551138257398,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:241"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "b",
                                "freq": 987.7666025122483,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:242"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "d",
                                "freq": 587.3295358348151,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:243"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "f#",
                                "freq": 739.9888454232689,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:244"
                            },
                            {
                                "label": "g#",
                                "freq": 830.6093951598903,
                                "on": true,
                                "$$hashKey": "object:245"
                            }
                        ],
                        "LoopDuration": 7937,
                        "LoopOn": true
                    },
                    "waves": [
                        "sine",
                        "square",
                        "triangle",
                        "sawtooth"
                    ],
                    "waveIntOsc": 0,
                    "oscTouchFadeVal": 52.105010986328125,
                    "oscPulseOn": true,
                    "radius": 60,
                    "oscsCount": 0,
                    "oscsIncrement": 2,
                    "oscFreq": 987.7666025122483,
                    "dur": "71ms"
                }
            ],
            "loopDuration": 7937
        }
    }
}
undefined
